

Change 1:
1) Create a function to group all Draw Code.
2) Using a variable to Vary Shape Draw position.
3) Slow Motion Ove(Basic Dynamic Animation).
4) Increase update rate for Smoother Movement.


Change 2 :
1) frame rate for smoother operation 
2) move and resize the box.
(it'll become a paddle.)
3)Seperate the move code from draw code.
4)write the function in inline mode.


Change 3 :
1) Notice that all the code is in same files (We will seperate it.)
2) Create a Variable to Support Speed Changes.
3) Get the Ball Moving in the opposite Direction.
4) Bounce the Ball Off the Right Canvas Side.
5)Keep the Ball Speed the Same After Walll Bounce.(try unhardcoding the speed)
6)Using Canvas Dimensions instead of "Hard Coding"
7)Bounce the Ball Off the Left Canvas Side Too. 
8)Creating Functions for Drawing the Filled Shapes.
9)Use Comments to Document Code Purpose.

Change 4:
1)Making the ball Round(circle).
2)Break down of each line in filled Circle Draw.
3)Radians for the Start and End of the Drawn Arc.
4)Dealing With Circle's Center,Radius, and Color.
5)Create a Function to Draw Any Filled Circle.

Change 5:
1) Move and Bounce the Ball Vertically Too.
2)Define Labeled Values for Paddle Position and Size.
3)Find the Mouse Position Relative to Game Canvas.
4)Set Padding position Value Whenever Mouse Moves.
5)Use Paddle's Position Var in the Paddle's Draw Code.
6)Align the Paddle's Center on the Mouse Y Position

Change 6:
1)Write a Function That Can Reset the Ball.
2)Reset the Ball when it Reaches the Left Side.
3)Switch the Ball's Direction Each Time It's Scored.
4)Bounce the Ball It It Gets Blocked by Left Paddle.
5)Draw a Second Paddle for the Right Side.
6)Create a Value Label for Paddle Thickness.
7)Temporarily Use Mouse for Testing Right Paddle.
8)Reset the Ball If It Goes Past the Right Edge.
9)Give Mouse Control to the Left Side Again.

Change 7:
1)Get Right Paddle Chasing the Ball's Vertical Pos.
2)Style Shift: From A=A+B to the Shorter A+=B Form.
3)Test Out How the Right Paddle Moves So Far.
4)Line Up Right Paddle's Center(Not Top!) to Ball.
5)Stop Right Paddle Shake(Sit Still if Close Enough).
6)Put Text on the Screen to Use for Score Display.
7)Set Up,Update and Show Score Values on Screen.
